---
layout: single
title: Codeforces problem 474A Keyboard
date: 2022-08-14
excerpt: ""
classes: wide
categories:
  - Codeforces
tags:
  - implementation
  - "900"
---

Our good friend Mole is trying to code a big message. He is typing on an unusual keyboard with characters arranged in following way:


qwertyuiop
asdfghjkl;
zxcvbnm,./

Unfortunately Mole is blind, so sometimes it is problem for him to put his hands accurately. He accidentally moved both his hands with one position to the left or to the right. That means that now he presses not a button he wants, but one neighboring button (left or right, as specified in input).

We have a sequence of characters he has typed and we want to find the original message.

**Input**

First line of the input contains one letter describing direction of shifting ('L' or 'R' respectively for left or right).

Second line contains a sequence of characters written by Mole. The size of this sequence will be no more than 100. Sequence contains only symbols that appear on Mole's keyboard. It doesn't contain spaces as there is no space on Mole's keyboard.

It is guaranteed that even though Mole hands are moved, he is still pressing buttons on keyboard and not hitting outside it.

**Output**

Print a line that contains the original message.

# Examples

### **Input**
```
R
s;;upimrrfod;pbr
```
### **Output**
```
allyouneedislove
```

---

# Think how can solve this problem
1. Identify if **shifting** is R or L.
2. If **shifting** is R move the index of the **mole_keyboard** one of a the right for each **character** in **message** and put the original character in **original_message**.
3. If **shifting** is L move the index of the **mole_keyboard** one of a the left for each **character** in **message** and put the original character in **original_message**.
4. Return the **original_message**.

    
# Go to code!!

```python
class Solution():

    def keyboard():

        shifting = input()
        mole_keyboard = ["q","w","e","r","t","y","u","i","o","p","a",'s','d','f','g','h','j','k','l',';','z','x','c','v','b','n','m',',','.','/']
        message = input()
        original_message = ""
        if shifting == 'R':
            for character in message:
                original_message += mole_keyboard[mole_keyboard.index(character)-1]
        else:
            for character in message:
                original_message += mole_keyboard[mole_keyboard.index(character)+1]
        return original_message


if __name__ == '__main__':
    print(Solution.keyboard())
```
```
Time Complexity: O(n)
Space Complexity: O(1)
```
