---
layout: single
title: Codeforces problem 770A New Password
date: 2022-08-07
excerpt: ""
classes: wide
categories:
  - Codeforces
tags:
  - special problem
  - implementation
  - "800"
---

Innokentiy decides to change the password in the social net "Contact!", but he is too lazy to invent a new password by himself. That is why he needs your help.

Innokentiy decides that new password should satisfy the following conditions:

    the length of the password must be equal to n,
    the password should consist only of lowercase Latin letters,
    the number of distinct symbols in the password must be equal to k,
    any two consecutive symbols in the password must be distinct. 

Your task is to help Innokentiy and to invent a new password which will satisfy all given conditions.

**Input**

The first line contains two positive integers n and k (2 ≤ n ≤ 100, 2 ≤ k ≤ min(n, 26)) — the length of the password and the number of distinct symbols in it.

Pay attention that a desired new password always exists.

**Output**

Print any password which satisfies all conditions given by Innokentiy.

# Examples

### **Input**
```
4 3
```
### **Output**
```
java
```
### **Input**
```
6 6
```
### **Output**
```
python
```
### **Input**
```
5 2
```
### **Output**
```
phphp
```

---

# Think how can solve this problem
1. Get all the lowercase letter importing string.ascii_lowercase
2. Save all the letter in a list, **abc**.
3. Save the **lenght** of the password and the **distincts** characters contaning.
4. Sum in **letters** the last character in **abc** and pop it.
5. Until the lenght of **letters** is equal to **lenght** append a character of **letter** in the **count** index in **letters** and increment **count** by 1.
6. Return **letters**.
    
# Go to code!!

```python
import string
 
 
class Solution():
 
    def newpassword():
        abc = [i for i in string.ascii_lowercase]
        lenght, distincts = map(int, input().split())
        letters = ""
        for i in range(distincts):
            letters += abc.pop()
        count = 0
        while len(letters) != lenght:
            letters += letters[count]
            count += 1
        return letters
 
if __name__ == '__main__':
    print(Solution.newpassword())
```
```
Time Complexity: O(n)
Space Complexity: O(n)
```
